If any of the creeps that I dated
killed Ben, I'm going to find out.
Eye Candy? The name's Reese.
Jake, this is my room mate Sophia.
I'm working with the Cyber
Crimes Unit to catch the killer.
I have no idea what she'll do
from one moment to the next.
She's completely unreliable.
How did you know where I live?
Well, maybe I could, uh, cook
you dinner?
Who just shows up with groceries?
Is there a serial
killer in my house right now?
Where's Reese?
Disappeared.
(Grunting)
Reese isn't the killer.
- What do you want?
- He's his latest victim.
Reese Hennessey?
It's the NYPD.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
(Light switch clicking)
(Glass crunching)
What the hell is this?
Tommy?
(Gasping)
(Whimpering)
(Groaning)
(Screaming)
Sync and corrected by biamussolin
www.addic7ed.com
What do you think?
I don't know.
What am I supposed to think?
Pulling out someone's teeth sure
isn't a great character trait.
He feels powerful, arrogant,
but sometimes
it's not about power.
Sometimes it's about the desire
to be understood.
By who... me?
Look, Reese gave me the creeps.
He did, but he doesn't deserve
to die this way.
It's my fault.
No, it isn't.
He targeted Reese and now
he's bragging about it
because of me.
That was the crime scene tech.
The teeth we found aren't
Reese's.
They belong to a woman.
So Reese could still be alive?
Yes.
We need to find him.
Time is running out.
Lindy, the NYPD is out, looking
for any sign of him right now.
A sign? What kind of sign?
Find out who those teeth
belong to now.
Got it.
New York's got a big database of
open homicides,
but a victim with all her teeth pulled is
what you call a very distinct
search criteria.
Wow, there are so many of them.
We got a match.
Jane Doe... missing teeth,
couldn't ID her.
Body was sent to Hart Island.
- Hart Island?
- New York's Potter's field.
It's where all unclaimed bodies
are sent.
Here's her autopsy report now.
I know her.
It's Julia Becker.
Julia's mother contacted me
because she said the police
weren't doing anything to find
her after she reported it.
Then why is there no missing
persons report on file?
They're out there, waiting to
be seduced... billions of thirsty minds,
craving hydration, aching
for you to give it to them.
That's an extraordinary power, a
delicious responsibility.
Now, when I look at our recent
page view numbers,
I just feel so disheartened.
"Nine Pet Vines that
Will Blow Your Mind."
Which of you wrote that post?
Did it blow your mind,
writing that story?
What's gonna make it impossible
for me not to click on it?
Uh, at the time, I
thought it was fun.
It's predictable. We can't afford
to do that here. Give me more.
- Do you mean, like, right now?
- Well, if that's all you've got,
I wouldn't be too optimistic
about your future here at Reconnoiter.
I'm working on something.
I promise.
Let's hope so.
Only promise what you can deliver.
(Phones ringing and chatter)
- Look, this isn't gonna be easy.
- I know.
You sure about that?
(Knocking)
Susan? Hi, I'm Lindy Sampson.
I run the Never Forgotten Group website.
We spoke about
your daughter Julia.
Yes, of course.
Come in.
Is there new information?
Ms. Becker, I'm detective
Calligan with the NYPD.
When was the last time
you heard from your daughter?
I told the police when I
filled out the report. Not for weeks.
You did fill out a report?
Yes, of course. I thought
that's why you were here.
Will one of you
please tell me what's going on?
Ms. Becker, I'm so sorry.
(Gasping) No. (Sobbing)
♪ Photographs of one you'll forget ♪
(Screaming)
♪ Carried off one last cigarette ♪
♪ Drink it down 'til
there's nothing left ♪
♪ In my head ♪
Hey, thought you'd like a snack.
It's a croissant.
It's French for doughnut.
Thanks. That's American
for "thanks."
Anytime, detective.
Look at you.
If only we could meet properly.
I have so much I want to show you,
so much to say. Would you listen?
Would you care?
It's time to know who you are, Lindy.
Decide if I've found the one.
- (Door closes)
- Sophia?
You're home! So, how do you
feel about protective detail?
I mean, I'm sure he's got great
abs, but do great abs save lives?
Please don't sleep with him.
Oh, sleeping was the
last thing on my mind.
You said, no more cops.
You have a good point, seeing as he
might be the only thing
standing between us and
tueur en série.
Serial killer?
Mm, it's easier for me to emotionally
process when we don't use such crude words.
So, I was thinking, how about we
just jump on a plane and be there?
- You know, get out of town.
- Sophia.
I know... I'm supposed to feel better
because the NYPD is protecting us, but...
- Sophia.
- All I'm asking is, we have a plan, right?
The NYPD is on it,
the cyber crimes unit is on it, and
I'm on it. We're gonna catch him.
And until then, we
keep living our lives.
We're not not having a
life because of this freak.
Okay. Okay. Tomorrow, you
and I... just the two of us... fat Friday.
Come on, it's been forever.
You can grab the Peking duck
world and kung pao from Floyd's,
and I will get the bacon maple ice
cream from Industria.
That actually
sounds really good.
Damn right it does.
- Any updates on Reese?
- No.
What have we got?
The photograph and envelope
came back clean. No fingerprints.
The only parts he kept from Lindy's
original photo are Lindy and Sara's faces,
and once we remove those,
we're left with pieces of four other
separate photographs.
These look like pieces
of crime scene photos.
Search our database
of open homicides.
But the faces are Sara's and mine.
Traditional photo recognition won't work.
But there's another
program that uses a special algorithm
to extrapolate the pixels in each
part of a photograph. It could work.
Try it.
- May I have a word?
- Yeah.
Why did you choose this picture
for the home page of your computer?
It's the last one
taken of us together.
Was there anything
significant about that day?
Not exactly.
Lindy, whatever he
wants to tell you
by sending you this picture
could help us find Reese.
In the original picture,
your sister's wearing a bracelet,
but in the replica, she's not.
Why?
- I didn't think anyone noticed.
- I did.
It was, um... it
was Sara's birthday.
I mean, once before she
disappeared.
I gave it to her as a present,
and she loved it.
Things had been rough after my mom died
and it was nice to see her smile again.
A few days later, she lost it.
I got really angry and I
yelled at her and I don't...
I don't really understand why.
But, um, I left for college
and we didn't talk until after that.
It was... it was
never the same.
- Who else knows this story?
- No one.
Maybe my dad.
Have you told him
about any of this?
We're not close.
I want you to know
that if you were my child,
I'd tell you to leave the state.
Well, I'm not your child.
True.
But, Lindy, we know
he's killed four people, maybe more.
I asked you to consult on this
case, but I...
No, no, no... he picked me. I don't
get to pick to leave.
Not until we catch him.
All right. But I want you
to stay away from Jake Bolin.
I haven't heard
from him since our date.
Keep it that way. Now that Reese
has been kidnapped, Jake's still a suspect.
But he hasn't
done anything suspicious.
I mean, the spyware on
his phone has tracked his every move,
and we've been tailing him 24/7.
That's why I still like him for this.
Whoever this killer is knows
we're watching.
There must be something else we
can do to find Reese.
Very capable detectives from missing
persons are out, looking for him.
We're doing all we can.
- (Knocking on door)
- It worked.
Three of the four component parts
in Lenny's photograph
match with an open homicide.
Take a look.
You didn't find a match
for the background?
No.
It's not an accident
that he changed the background.
None of this is an accident.
Tell us about the victims.
Michael Kelly. The
homicide is listed as a mob execution.
He was shot, fingers cut off.
Miranda McKenna was strangled.
Breasts were removed. Her
boyfriend had a history of abuse.
Homicide has also got
a case against him.
And Anthony
Morgan... stabbing.
Defensive wounds
showed that he put up a fight.
Maybe that's why whoever robbed
him gouged out his
eyes after they took his wallet.
So, what's the connection?
They've all been mutilated.
Other than that, homicide reports list
different motives,
different suspects
for each case.
Guess what?
They're all on Flirtual. Just like Julia
and Emily... he dated all of them.
Oh, an equal opportunity serial killer.
At least he's got that going for him.
He's claiming them, to boast.
Get me everything on these
three homicides.
I want these cases reopened.
- How much stuff did you buy?
- Enough.
And you're sure
this is a good idea?
I'm not sure of anything right now,
Connor.
See, that's what
I'm talking about.
I'm sorry, I don't understand.
I'm just saying that lately you've
lacked your usual sparkle.
You're kidding, right? I'm sorry, but
my sparkle is under protective custody
until Lindy
figures out her psycho situation.
You mean, our psycho killer situation.
Our pictures were on that thing
in the Cyber Crimes
Unit too, you know.
Yes, but trying to make sense
of that is much
more terrifying than the truth.
Truth? What truth?
♪ Bah bah bah bah ♪
You're humming Beethoven's Fifth.
You only do that
when you're trying not to gossip.
You know you want to tell me.
All right, look, but you are
sworn to secrecy.
Okay.
Secrecy, Connor. I... I...
I... I can't say it. Um, um...
(Teakettle whistling)
Uh-uh, don't look
at me.
Didn't you bring Yaeger
coffee this morning?
Well, yes, but I refuse to be
known as a refreshment handmaiden.
Besides, drawing him
in is all about pressure and release.
Pressure and release... ooh!
Pressure and release.
I'll take it to him, then.
You know, just give me a call
whenever. I mean, um, if you want.
Hmm. You have a
good night, Lindy.
Good night.
All right, okay, the
problem appears to be
within your local system,
so I'm just gonna RDP
into your box and
see what's going on.
You okay?
Ah, an app game is sucking up your
resources. I'm gonna go ahead and assume
that that's not work related,
delete it, and reboot your system.
Okay, bye now.
What's going on?
Okay, okay, okay.
Okay, I'm gonna show
you something, okay?
But remember, homicide carries
a minimum sentence of 20 years.
Who's "The Insomniac"?
Connor.
Who have you been talking to?
It was Connor. He works
for Reconnoiter.
Connor? Wait...
your friend Connor?
He's not my friend.
He's Sophia's friend.
He's a blogger, and you didn't
think to mention that
when you brought
him into the Cyber Crimes Unit?
His life was in danger. I
didn't think it mattered.
Well, maybe if I'd known, I would
have kept him in the lobby.
You know, you can blame me
all you want, but the story is
out there, and I'm
just as angry about it as you are.
Look, this gives the killer
exactly what he wants... credit.
You know what these guys do when
they get an audience?
They perform. I don't want him to
perform, because I suspect we're not even
in the first act of his show, and
it's gonna get a lot more scary.
We cannot have
this kind of leak.
I'm handling it.
1, 2, 3, 4... Go!
1, 2, 3, 4, 5...
(Claps) Let up. Practice
sparring with a partner.
Radical, Connor.
That was a lot of hits.
It's my story too.
People have the right to know.
There's a man missing.
You're putting his life at risk. You're
putting everyone's life at risk.
I'm helping people
protect themselves.
(Groaning)
Take the story down now.
- I can't.
- Why not?
'Cause that's not
his choice. It's mine.
Hamish Stone, owner and
publisher of Reconnoiter Media.
I know who you are, and I'd describe
you as more of a gossip profiteer.
And you're the hacker
who dropped out of MIT
when you sister disappeared,
moved to the Big Apple to look for her,
and here we
all are, getting acquainted.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but
hackers don't usually work with
the police, do they? Especially
when they've got a record.
Then again, this case
is rather personal for you, isn't it?
Don't look at Connor.
I googled you all by myself.
What's it gonna
take for you to take the story down?
Oh, I don't know.
Catching him.
Until then, the story stays up.
Bad news. You're fired.
(Laughing) Just kidding.
- I covered for you.
- Thanks.
Working.
I say we hit Reconnoiter hard...
send a botnet attack and down their
entire site
until they delete the story.
It's too late.
It's already gone viral.
And bachelor
number two... they find him yet?
No, not yet.
But yesterday, the
killer sent me this.
Freaky.
Freaky, freak, freak, freak.
Yeah. The parts that
don't belong were
matched to three different unsolved
homicide victim photos,
but the background never matched anything.
Any idea?
It's like a Monet thing.
Sometimes you gotta stand back
to get the full picture.
It's static, but modern TVs
don't play static.
Of course. That
is why I love you, George.
Reese's TV was playing static
when we found the mannequins.
We have to go back to
Reese's apartment.
It's funny how people think "High Tech"
means "safer." (Exhaling)
- Hello, my little friend.
- (Door opening)
Can we hurry it up?
Oh, relax, okay? I built this
baby to be quick, like a rabbit.
Here we go. Okay. It's pulling the unique
code from the last time Reese used
the keypad, re-routing
it back to the lock as if he were here,
punching it in right now.
- (Beeping)
- Oh! Like butter.
Good job.
It's so easy, it terrifies me.
The mannequins were
sitting right here.
Ever been on one of those dates
where you talk
and wander around the city?
That's what this is like, except
we're wandering around
the mind of a psychotic killer.
There's something on
the TV he wants me to see.
(Beeping)
"Mill of the Stone Woman",
"The Young, Evil, and Savage",
"Phenomena", "Eyes without a Face",
"Ratman", "The Fifth Chord", "Inferno"?
Yeah, those are old Italian horror
movies... classics.
Uh, very obscure.
It says he watched them all the night
Reese went missing.
It's a message. "Mill of the
Stone Woman," "The Young..."
Maybe it's the first letter of each title.
M-T-P-E-R-T-I-C-I-O.
M-T perticio. That...
that doesn't make sense.
Nope, it does not,
but if you're making an acronym,
maybe the "thes" don't count,
so it wouldn't be "The Fifth Chord,"
so use an "F," not a "T."
My Perficio.
Oh, my God. I know why he's
killing them.
Perficio.
He wants me to understand
why he's choosing his victims.
Julia Becker hated her teeth.
Come on, one smile.
They were crooked, but she hated the
dentist more, so she never smiled.
So, her killer pulled them out, carefully
cleaned out her mouth... made it perfect.
- Some perfect.
- It's his perfect.
He's excising the lie,
the imperfection from each victim.
When I looked at the other
victims' social media,
Anthony Morgan wore colored contacts.
His killer gouged out his eyes.
Miranda McKenna had her breasts augmented.
Her killer cut out her implants.
Michael Kelly severely bit his nails
and his killer severed his fingers.
Even Emily Erickson's murder follows a
pattern. Her killer targeted her face,
her skin.
The Internet's a place
where you can create an illusion,
show people only
what you want them to see...
but when reality didn't match up with
what the killer saw on Flirtual,
he punished them. He wants perfection.
He's searching for it.
And when people
lied about their flaws, he killed them.
Perficio.
Exactly.
But "Perficio" doesn't just
mean "Perfection."
I mean, if you take
it back to the literal translation,
it means "to finish,
to bring to an end, a finishing."
That doesn't sound optimistic,
now, does it?
Great work.
(Phone ringing) (Beeping)
Where are you? You forgot
the egg rolls, didn't you?
Nope. I'm picking them up now.
(Groaning)
That's, uh... that's all I have.
Thank you.
What was that about?
The IT department at his law firm found
malware on his cell phone...
Filled out a formal report.
You're not answering my calls.
You're not used
to girls doing that, are you?
I'm serious.
Jake Bolin just swung
by the Cyber Crimes Unit.
He reported the spyware
you put on his phone.
There's no way to know if he suspects
you or if he knows
we've been following
him, but we might have just gotten made.
That's not good.
Look, if he tries to contact you...
No Jake.
I got it.
Hey, I didn't get a chance
to say it earlier, but good work today.
Thanks.
But the next time you want to break
into a crime scene, call me first.
I'll handle it.
Maybe I wanted to
handle it myself.
Call me first.
Look, I need you to stay in tonight
with this Jake thing going on.
The last thing I want to do is go out.
I just need a quiet night in,
alone with my room mate,
eating egg rolls. Sophia?
All: Surprise!
(Party horns tooting)
Your birthday?
Yeah.
Ladies. Hey, how's it going?
You got a boyfriend?
Yeah, I'm taken too.
It'll never work. Sorry.
No means no, ladies.
#
I'm sorry about Connor.
I didn't think he would do something
like that. He's banished.
Forgive me?
I can't believe you threw me a party.
I hate you.
And how did you even know it
was my birthday?
What kind of person doesn't
know their best friend's birthday?
Besides, I thought
we were trying to be normal.
Me not liking things
like this is normal.
Okay, you need another drink.
#
You really don't
want to do that, man.
Thanks, but I'm on duty.
Maybe some other time?
Buenas noches.
You a cop?
How'd you guess?
You smell like a cop.
You're Lindy's cop.
Tommy.
Well, Tommy, you'd
better take care of her.
Hey.
Fun party.
Yeah, I hate my birthday too.
It's not that.
- I miss him.
- I miss him too.
Lindy, look! Wendy made us
Jell-O shots!
Uhh! We love her! Mmm, they're
champagne... ironically.
Look, they say it's important to
feel whatever it is you're feeling.
What if you feel too much?
Lindy, come on.
Sure, the Tango is the dance of love,
but Guianos know,
the dance of
unbridled passion is the Guaguanco.
All right.
(Phone ringing)
Calligan.
#
To friends! (Cheering)
They found Reese Hennessey's clothes.
I have to go.
Don't let Lindy out
of your sight, okay?
(Cheering)
To horses' hooves!
#
'Cause that's what gelatin's made from.
You know, horses' hooves.
Hey, Lindy, come dance with us!
#
Sophia, who are these people?
- Your friends.
- No, they're your friends.
Mi casa es su casa.
Oh, no.
It's Jake.
You invited him?
It must have been after
he made us dinner.
We were a little tipsy, remember?
We liked him, we liked him...
Back when we were positive the other
guy was the one killing people.
Well, now he's the main suspect.
Find detective Yaeger.
Tell him he's here.
So he can arrest him?
No, they don't have enough evidence.
They need to wait until he slips up.
At my surprise party?
There are a million people here.
He's not gonna do anything.
Hey, Happy Birthday.
Thanks.
I'm sorry, I was rushing. I
didn't get a chance to wrap it.
"How to Cook and Have a Life"?
Yeah, it's just a bunch of
take-out menus from
all my favorite places in the city.
That's, um... that's
really creative.
Look, I'm sorry we haven't had much time
to see each other,
but work's been a nightmare lately.
But I'm glad Sophia invited me.
- Me too.
- (Doorbell buzzing)
What?
You can't just ignore
my calls, Sophia.
I'm mad at you, Connor.
You can't come up.
Too late. Some tenants
just let me in.
You have to go.
- I was invited.
- Well, now you're disinvited.
How could you write up that story?
You were sworn to secrecy, okay?
Lindy is my best friend.
I thought I was
your best friend.
That's up for review.
So, let me in and I'll
apologize to Lindy.
Sorry, you forfeited that right.
You know what?
I'm not sorry I wrote that piece.
It's important.
People are dying.
Shh! I am trying to throw a party.
Everything okay?
Detective Yaeger, can you please
escort my dis-invited
best friend out?
Really?
(Cheering)
#
So, um, nobody does flowers anymore.
Are you still
holding that against me?
I was just surprised.
What do you mean? Like, a little
chivalry isn't your thing?
No, I just never gave you my address.
Oh. Well, I mean, anyone can
find your address with a cell phone number.
Right.
Creeped you out, didn't I?
A little.
Sometimes I fantasize about owning a
farm... like, a small, quiet farm.
Are you listening to me?
Yeah.
I grew up on a farm.
- Really?
- No.
I grew up in the Bronx. You're about as
much of a farm girl as I'm a farm boy.
So, what you're saying is, I'm
really like more of a city girl.
I'm saying you're
really like trouble.
Look, I'm sorry. I grew up in a family
that loves surprises, like, you know?
It's just how my brain's wired.
Hey, you okay?
Um, I think I might
have had too much to drink.
Okay, let's sit you down.
I'm gonna get you a
glass of water, okay?
(Smoke detector blaring)
Smoke.
There's smoke coming from the
bathroom.
(Smoke detector blaring)
Call came in an hour ago.
A janitor found them in the
basement of an apartment building.
What's the building's address?
- It's Jake Bolin's apartment.
- Oh, no.
(Smoke alarm blaring)
Okay. Like, who threw a
lit joint in the trash can?
(Cell phone buzzing)
There you are. You passed my test.
I need to show you something.
Ah, hush. Hush, now.
Everything is going to be
all right.
Lindy!
Lindy?
Hey! (Whistling) Yo!
Has anyone seen Lindy?
Don't move.
Where's Lindy?
She was right there, I swear.
I just went to get a glass of...
On your knees.
On your knees!
I didn't touch her.
(Gasping)
♪ Love don't break the light ♪
♪ Trying to find my way again ♪
♪ Gray stars on the rise ♪
♪ Never gave beyond the mend ♪
♪ Come raise the dead ♪
♪ I'm dreaming of the end ♪
♪ Hallucinate the tables
are turning the night ♪
♪ Was everything you said ♪
♪ Come raise the dead ♪
♪ I'm leaning on the edge ♪
♪ Illuminate the way
to my heart my heart ♪
♪ It's twisting on a thread ♪
♪ Come raise the dead ♪
Somebody set him up.
It looks that way.
He was in custody when you
witnessed Reese's murder.
The clothes were planted at
his apartment.
He's not our guy.
I should have never left you alone
at that party. I made a bad call.
And what happened to
you... that's on me.
I'll never let that happen
again, okay?
Reese, Peter, Ben...
He killed them all
because of me.
Lindy, you can't
keep thinking...
Why did he let me
live last night?
Well, if he's looking for flaws,
maybe he doesn't see any in you.
Perfection doesn't exist, and
he's sick to think that it does.
Everybody's flawed...
especially me.
What do you think he's gonna do
when he finally figures that out?
I knew you'd do it. I hoped
you'd solve my riddle, my test.
So, here is my reward to you.
Lindy, you're the one...
The one to understand me, the one who
can really know me, challenge me.
The gifts I want to give you...
Wear it for me.
Wear your pain.
We should all be reminded
of what we've lost.
He is out there.
Searching.
Following.
Killing.
I know you're watching me.
Come and get me.
Sync and corrected by biamussolin
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org